>> Jerome Hardaway: Talk about
the importance of a README.
README is the first date of your code,
right?
Before they jump into your code,
they're gonna look at your README, right?
As you saw with the Vetsu Code app,
it says what it does.
It says the technologies
that you're doing,
it lets everyone know how to run it,
everything.
Incorporating individual aids I
did not do that with a BWC app,
but you saw with the VS code thing.
I had a visual aid right there
showing this is how it looks to you.
Let's go for it, and I'm going to probably
go back and do this now that I've
made it into this, into my, into my
slides, clear installation instructions.
We showcase that.
You should use guidelines,
make sure you do that showcase on yours,
any guy eyes for contributors.
Now, you might not have projects that
you want people to contribute to, but
you should still have guidelines for
contributors.
You never know what type of
tips you're gonna get, right?
And that creates,
that turns your README and
your repository into a networking tool.
Now that I have, I'm opening up for
contributors and
feedback either through the discussions or
through issues or whatever like that.
I now have that opportunity
to get that feedback,
unsolicited feedback to build onto my
project and make it better, right?
And that's what you want, I mean,
if someone's going to come and
take the time and look at your code and
be like, hey, you should improve this,
I always take that feedback as a gift,
right?
That's what you want, here's a free game.
Yes, thank you, I'll take it and I'll
incorporate it and I'll add it to my code
base and add it to my repository,
and I'll move forward with that.
So I want you all to take five minutes,
identify some great read-me's that you
would like, and then start thinking
about how you're gonna copy those
to your own read-me style, right?
Awesome README list is by Maddest Singers.
It's a great README, it has a whole
list of good READMEs on here.
This is a great resource to look at,
the, check out some good READMEs.
Change log, generator, ease nav,
it showcases all the good rules or
great READMEs.
So don't, GitHub.com, backslash a.
Mathias Singers backslash awesome-README.
>> Jerome Hardaway: Thought
everybody enjoyed that,
did you do anything impactful for
your README?
Awesome, yep, okay.
What about in the chat?
>> Student: Octavio says, yes, but
where do you recommend putting
the images for the README?
>> Jerome Hardaway: I recommend at
the bottom just because I wanna lead with
the how to get the product running
first versus the visual aids, so
but the good thing is if they are looking
at your READMEs, you are winning, right?
There you are in repos and READMEs,
you have passed user zero,
you're past user one,
you are now and
In your past user to you, so
you are out of your own way the ATS
is giving you the thumbs up HR.
Is also like saying this
is a good candidate.
So now you're in the end zone,
you're like, okay,
the developers I hear, I am on what I
guess in sports, it'd be like third base.
You go to your almost home, right?
You go to third base, that's like six.
[LAUGH] It was like, why does this third
base have six rounds of third base?
But you're still, you're a lot closer to
home than the person who is on first or
hasn't gotten up to bat yet,
so that's good.